(1). In the current live project, when a user registers, their data is entered into the 'user_temp' table. When a user     purchases a plan, all of their details are then entered into the 'user_detail' table.

In our project, should the system send the credentials upon registration, or should it do so after the user purchases a plan? This is because, in the current live project, user credentials are shared after the user purchases a plan.

(2). On the creative display page there is a dropdown of Category, but There is no data for categories in the database, how should the Category dropdown be handled?

(3). In the theme, there is a "Sort By" option on the creative page. Which column should be used to sort the creatives?  

(4). In the Admin Side, when adding a new creative, there are three options: All, On Demand, and Custom. However, in the theme, there is an additional option in the filter called 'On Plan'.

(5). In the theme, the plan has a description, but there isn't a corresponding column in the database to store or display this description.






(1). When a user has more than one plan and downloads creative, which plan's download count decreases?

(2). When should data be entered into the login_history table? and what use of login_from column?

(3). When a user registers or login, which ID is updated among these ids: agentid, newagentid, Icustid, terminalid?

(4). In the theme, there is a Subscription Plan page. Where is this page display?

(5). How many downloads are allowed for free on the free plan?      














1). When a user has more than one plan and downloads creative, which plan's download count decreases?

If an agent downloads from a subscription plan, the count is deducted from there. Similarly, if they download from on-demand creative, the count will be subtracted from the on-demand allowance. The same applies to custom downloads.

If an agent has a subscription plan, they are not able to download from on-demand. They must receive a notification to purchase a new plan if they attempt to do so.

(3). When a user registers or login, which ID is updated among these ids: agentid, newagentid, Icustid, terminalid?

Either Icustid or terminalid

(5). How many downloads are allowed for free on the free plan?

So, the admin panel already has this feature to add the count. We need a similar functionality. (Do you need a demo on how to create a plan within the existing flow?)

